[18.0][ADD] delivery_carrier_shipping_policy: set shipping policy based on carrier (#1084)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_carrier_shipping_policy/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module allows to configure a shipping policy on the delivery method, which

> will be used by default on sale and delivery orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be used by default on sales orders.
```
